[add_docker_metadata] Update `labels.dedot` default in documentation to match implementation (#50642)
elastic/beats: docs/reference/auditbeat/add-docker-metadata.md

Reviewer: Could you also update line 47 to show `#labels.dedot: true` in all `add_docker_metadata.md` files for all of the beats?

Author: Yes, I'll push it soon. Thanks for spotting that!

:   (Optional) Specifies the mount point of the host’s filesystem, which can be used to monitor a host from within a container.

`labels.dedot`

> :   (Optional) Default to true. If set to true, replace dots in labels with `_`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:   (Optional) If set to `true`, replaces dots in labels with `_`. Defaults to `true`.
```
